Update espresso-jshell demo. (#115)
graalvm/graalvm-demos: espresso-jshell/README.md

# GraalVM Demos: Native jshell and Espresso

This demo showcases the integration between [GraalVM Native Image](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/native-image/) and [Java-on-Truffle (Espresso)](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/java-on-truffle/).  
It builds a native image of `jshell`, that executes the dynamically generated bytecodes on Espresso. This hybrid mode achieves instant startup, beating the vanilla `jshell` in both: time to the first interaction and time to evaluate a simple expression.

> JShell is a Java read-eval-print loop tool first introduced in Java 9, this demo also allows to run `jshell` on Java 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JShell is a Java read-eval-print loop tool first introduced in Java 9, this demo also allows running `jshell` on Java 8.
```

Author: I manually fixes this nits in the latest version.

# GraalVM Demos: Native jshell and Espresso

This demo showcases the integration between [GraalVM Native Image](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/native-image/) and [Java-on-Truffle (Espresso)](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/java-on-truffle/).  

> It builds a native image of `jshell`, that executes the dynamically generated bytecodes on Espresso. This hybrid mode achieves instant startup, beating the vanilla `jshell` in both: time to the first interaction and time to evaluate a simple expression.

Reviewer 2: bytecodes > bytecode

> JShell is a Java read-eval-print loop tool first introduced in Java 9, this demo also allows running `jshell` on Java 8.  

Reviewer 2: JShell is a Java read-eval-print loop tool first introduced in Java 9, this demo also allows running `jshell` on Java 8.  

JShell is a Java "read-eval-print loop tool" first introduced in Java 9, and this demo also allows running `jshell` on Java 8.
